[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose of b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time I had
an epiphany talking to Rob Clark the
co-founder of stralla am our tech West
in early April his company created a
turnkey platform that allows you to
standardize UTM parameters to track all
your online and offline marketing
outreach he told me that marketers in
general like to ask three questions who
what and when who are they what do they
do throughout the buying journey when do
they do it
if you have a standard tracking system
that is integrated to your marketing
automation CRM POS which is
point-of-sales
ecommerce and other platforms you can
see a series of actions that prospects
go through their journeys with all that
information in one place hopefully you
get some insights to determine the next
steps to nurture and drive better
conversions if you tie that information
to your budget you can see which
marketing channels performs better and
adjust your marketing budget accordingly
my conversation with Rob wanted me to
think hey
what salespeople would like to know when
they talk to their prospects other
questions the same like marketers who
what and when or is something completely
different so what can we sell for a long
time I realized that they like to
understand why how much and when why do
they come to us why are they interested
in us stop why do they come to us why
are they interested in us how much
budget do they have when were they
likely to buy of course who and what are
still important but these answers to
those questions may be more in-depth
than marketing want to know
they what are their profiles what are
their job titles what challenges do they
have which of our offerings can solve
their challenges what else can we do to
help them if you think about it even if
sales and marketing are talking to the
same prospect the way they communicate
and the information together are
fundamentally different obviously one
focuses on the top of the purchase
funnel while the other focuses on the
bottom of the funnel and one emphasizes
on awareness building while the other is
all about how to move prospects to
different sales stages to close deals so
understanding the types of the questions
that sales asks will dictate how you
support your sales team you can take the
marketing content and just dumping on
the suicide and expect them to use it
why because they ask different questions
if you work on ABM which is account
based marketing don't we expect that the
copy you use for the mass marketing
outreach well necessarily apply to the
sales side you have to consider its
accounts needs and the questions that
the sales wants to address in the
previous episodes I talked about in
order to support sales as a marketer you
need to understand how sales think and
work and one of the key ways is to know
the types of questions they ask at
different stages and that piece of
intelligence will help you determine
your sales support approach and the
content you can recommend for the sales
processes alright so if you have any
questions you know where to reach me
just google Pam dinner the ID and yard
again if you liked the episode I hope
you do please leave comments on I chose
keep hustling my friends you got this
hash tag you rock
[Music]